well again guys this is Mike down at
five at dawn then Atlanta Georgia and
today we're driving a 2005 sunset orange
Corvette Convertible
it's a really nice car it has just over
48,000 miles as you can see very nice
car alright here we go let's take it out
handles great
oh five is the first model year for the
c6 Corvette
this model does have heads-up display so
you can see your speed
drives really nice smooth comfortable
it's got very tight steering you can see
it's like it's not a lot of giving it
but if I wanted to like make a drastic
movement I have complete control of the
vehicle but it's a very tight steer
definitely has a lot more control in the
car and I Drive which is a sports car so
very nice
okay I'm going 45 right now I'm gonna
just do a heart break at this stop sign
so you can see no problems great this is
actually a pretty rare color this sunset
orange and then to get it in a
convertible it's even more desirable in
my opinion
fortunately I can't really take it up to
the speeds that I'd like to demonstrate
it this is a kind of a mixed residential
and commercial area and don't want to
put anybody at risk including myself but
I would recommend that you come down to
the dealership and drive the vehicle
yourself you're always welcome to do
that no pressure to buy not like that
down here and of course we'd love for
you to purchase the vehicle but we don't
expect it necessarily
overall this is a great car it's got
tons of pickup
with everything you'd want nice rare
stylish color convertible low miles
great condition there's also a full
video walk-around of this car where you
can see every part of it in detail if
you check the right hand description
column for this video and I appreciate
your time today
and go online by about dotnet and check
this out appreciate it thank you